tidb-cloud: add Top RU user guide (web console, Premium + Essential) (#22989)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/top-ru.md

---
title: Top RU
summary: Learn how to use Top RU to identify the SQL statements and database users with the highest Request Unit (RU) consumption in minute-level.
---

# Top RU

**Top RU** ranks SQL statements by their Request Unit (RU) consumption, helping you quickly identify which queries are the primary drivers of your RU usage. When you notice an unexpected RU spike in your instances monitoring, use Top RU to pinpoint the responsible SQL statements and take targeted action.

> **Note:**
>

> > Top RU is currently available for TiDB Cloud Premium and partial TiDB Cloud Essential instances for Public Preview, in gradual rollout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Top RU is currently available for {{{ .premium }}} and partial {{{ .essential }}} instances for Public Preview, in gradual rollout.
```

## Product tier comparison

Different product tiers support different Top RU capabilities:

> | Feature | Premium | Essential |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Feature | {{{ .premium }}} | {{{ .essential }}} |
```

|---|---|---|
| **Overview** tab | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Sliced by Users** tab | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Top DB Users (RU)** panel | ✓ | ✓ |
| Top N options | 5, 10, 20, 100 | 5, 10, 20 |
| Data retention | 30 days | 7 days |

## Open Top RU

1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) and navigate to your instance.
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Monitoring** > **Top RU**.

## Analyze RU consumption by SQL

The **Overview** tab shows the top RU-consuming SQL statements across all database users for the selected time range.

### Set filters

Use the filters at the top of the page to narrow down the data:

- **Time range**: Select a preset interval or a custom range.

>     Preset options: **Last 15 min**, **30 min**, **1 hour**, **2 hours**, **6 hours**, **12 hours**, **1 day**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Preset options: **Last 15 min**, **30 min**, **1 hour**, **2 hours**, **6 hours**, **12 hours**, and **1 day**.
```

    For custom time ranges:
    - The earliest available start date depends on your data retention: **30 days ago** for Premium instances, **7 days ago** for Essential instances.
    - The maximum window for a single query is **24 hours**.

- **Top N**: Select how many SQL statements to display.
    - Premium: default **10**, options: **5**, **20**, **100**.

>     - Essential: default **10**, options: **5**, **20**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For custom time ranges:
    
    - The earliest available start date depends on your data retention: **30 days ago** for {{{ .premium }}} instances, and **7 days ago** for {{{ .essential }}} instances.
    - The maximum window for a single query is **24 hours**.

- **Top N**: Select how many SQL statements to display.

    - {{{ .premium }}}: **10** by default. Options: **5**, **20**, and **100**.
    - {{{ .essential }}}: **10** by default. Options: **5**, and **20**.
```

### Read the SQL list

The **Top N SQL list** shows the highest RU-consuming SQL statements for the selected filters:

| Column | Description |
|---|---|
| SQL Statement | Normalized SQL template |
| Total RU | Total RU consumed by this SQL in the selected time range |
| Mean RU | Mean RU consumed by this SQL in the selected time range, total ru/excecutions |

> | Share | Percentage of total instance RU consumed by this SQL. The top N SQLs together account for less than 100%; adding the **Others** row gives 100%. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Share | Percentage of total instance RU consumed by this SQL. The top N SQL statements might not add up to 100%. Include the **Others** row to account for the remaining RU consumption and reach 100%.|
```

| Executions | Number of times this SQL was executed in the selected time range |
| Plans | Number of plans this SQL was executed in the selected time range |
| Total latency | Total execution time cost by this SQL in the selected time range |
| Mean latency | Mean execution time cost by this SQL in the selected time range, total latency/excecutions |

> **Note:**
>
> Top RU ranks SQL statements by their **cumulative RU consumption**, including queries that are still executing. This lets you catch ongoing expensive queries before they complete. But for queries that are still executing, the plan is not available.

### View the RU trend

Hover over any SQL statement in the list to highlight its **RU trend line** in the trend chart. The chart shows RU consumption over the selected time range at minute-level intervals, helping you identify when a spike started and whether it is still ongoing.

## Identify RU consumption by user

### Rank by Users panel

> The **Overview** tab includes a **Top 3 DB Users (RU)** panel that shows a ranked list of database users by their total RU consumption for the selected time range. Use this to quickly determine whether the RU spike is driven by a specific db user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Overview** tab includes a **Top 3 DB Users (RU)** panel that shows a ranked list of database users by their total RU consumption for the selected time range. Use this panel to quickly determine whether the RU spike is driven by a specific database user.
```

### Sliced by Users tab

> To drill into a specific db user's SQL statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To drill into a specific database user's SQL statements:
```

1. Click the **Sliced by Users** tab.
2. In the **User** filter, select the user you want to investigate. The filter displays up to 100 users and groups any additional users as **Other users**.
3. The **Top N SQL list** and trend chart now reflect only the selected user's queries.

## Drill down into a SQL statement

> Click any SQL statement in the **Top N SQL list** to open its detail panel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click any SQL statement in the **Top N SQL list** to open its detail panel.
```

> ### Execution Summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Execution summary
```

| Section | Content |
|---|---|

> | SQL Digest | Normalized SQL template id |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SQL Digest | Normalized SQL template ID |
```

| Total RU | Total RU consumed by this SQL in the selected time range |
| Mean RU | Mean RU consumed by this SQL in the selected time range, total ru/excecutions |
| Share | Percentage of total instance RU consumed by this SQL |
| Executions | Number of times this SQL was executed in the selected time range |
| Plans | Number of plans this SQL was executed in the selected time range |
| Total latency | Total execution time cost by this SQL in the selected time range |
| Mean latency | Mean execution time cost by this SQL in the selected time range, total latency/excecutions |

> ### Execution Plans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Execution plans
```

3. Identify the SQL statements with the highest Total RU. Hover over each to see its RU trend and identify when the spike started.
4. Check the **Rank by Users** panel to see whether a specific user is driving the spike.
5. If needed, go to the **Sliced by Users** tab, select the user, and focus on their top RU-consuming SQL statements.
6. Click a SQL statement to open its detail panel. Review the execution plan to find optimization opportunities such as missing indexes.
7. Use the **Query Template ID** to cross-reference Slow Query/SQL Statement for additional execution context.
8. Apply optimizations: add indexes, rewrite the SQL, or adjust business logic.
9. Return to the **Top RU** page and select a recent time range to confirm that RU consumption has decreased.

## Limitations

- **Not equivalent to billing RU**: Top RU values are near-real-time observability data and do not match the billing RU in your TiDB Cloud invoice. Do not use Top RU for billing reconciliation or auditing.
- **TopN grouping**: TiDB Cloud groups SQL statements with lower RU into **Others** instead of showing them individually.
- **Data freshness**: minute-level.

> - **Maximum query window**: the maximum time range that you can select for a single query is 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Not equivalent to billing RU**: Top RU data is intended for near-real-time observability and might differ from the RU usage reported on your TiDB Cloud invoice. Do not use Top RU data for billing reconciliation or auditing.
- **Top N aggregation**: Only the highest RU-consuming SQL statements are displayed individually. SQL statements with lower RU consumption are aggregated into the **Others** category.
- **Data freshness**: Data is updated at minute-level granularity.
- **Maximum query window**: You can query up to 24 hours of data at a time.
```

## FAQ

### What is the difference between Top RU and Top SQL?

> [Top SQL](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md#monitor-top-sql) ranks SQL statements by CPU time on a specific TiDB or TiKV node and is for Dedicated Tiers. Top RU ranks SQL statements by Request Unit (RU) consumption at the instance level, and supports user-level breakdown.

Author: ```suggestion
[Top SQL](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md#monitor-top-sql) ranks SQL statements by CPU time on a specific TiDB or TiKV node and is for Dedicated Tiers. Top RU ranks SQL statements by Request Unit (RU) consumption at the instance level, and supports user-level breakdown and is for Premium&Essential.
```

> [Top SQL](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md#monitor-top-sql) ranks SQL statements by CPU time on a specific TiDB or TiKV node and is for Dedicated Tiers. Top RU ranks SQL statements by Request Unit (RU) consumption at the instance level, and supports user-level breakdown and is for Premium&Essential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Top SQL](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md#monitor-top-sql) ranks SQL statements by CPU time on a specific TiDB or TiKV node. It applies to TiDB Cloud Dedicated.

Top RU ranks SQL statements by Request Unit (RU) consumption at the instance level, and supports user-level breakdown. It applies to {{{ .premium }}} and {{{ .essential }}}.
```

### Why is there no data in Top RU?

- Make sure the selected time range contains actual SQL workload.
- Refresh the page after running workload for at least 1 min.

> - Check [TiDB Cloud Release Notes](/tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md) to confirm Top RU is available for your instance version/region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check [TiDB Cloud Release Notes](/tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md) to confirm that Top RU is available for your instance version and region.
```

---
title: Top RU

> summary: Learn how to use Top RU to identify the SQL statements and database users with the highest Request Unit (RU) consumption in minute-level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to use Top RU to identify the SQL statements and database users with the highest Request Unit (RU) consumption at one-minute granularity.
```

---

# Top RU

> **Top RU** ranks SQL statements by their Request Unit (RU) consumption, helping you quickly identify which queries are the primary drivers of your RU usage. When you notice an unexpected RU spike in your instances monitoring, use Top RU to pinpoint the responsible SQL statements and take targeted action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Top RU** ranks SQL statements by their Request Unit (RU) consumption, helping you quickly identify which queries drive your RU usage. When you notice an unexpected RU spike in your {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance metrics, use Top RU to identify the responsible SQL statements and take targeted action.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Top RU is currently available for {{{ .premium }}} and partial {{{ .essential }}} instances for Public Preview, in gradual rollout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Top RU is available in public preview for {{{ .premium }}} instances.
> - Top RU is available for {{{ .essential }}} instances in selected regions during a phased rollout.
```

> ## Product tier comparison

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Product plan comparison
```

> Different product tiers support different Top RU capabilities:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Top RU capabilities vary by TiDB Cloud plan:
```

| Feature | {{{ .premium }}} | {{{ .essential }}} |
|---|---|---|
| **Overview** tab | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Sliced by Users** tab | ✓ | ✓ |

> | **Top DB Users (RU)** panel | ✓ | ✓ |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Overview** tab | Supported | Supported |
| **Sliced by Users** tab | Supported | Supported |
| **Top DB Users (RU)** panel | Supported | Supported |
```

| Top N options | 5, 10, 20, 100 | 5, 10, 20 |
| Data retention | 30 days | 7 days |

## Open Top RU

> 1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) and navigate to your instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) and navigate to your {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance.
```

2. In the left navigation pane, click **Monitoring** > **Top RU**.

## Analyze RU consumption by SQL

The **Overview** tab shows the top RU-consuming SQL statements across all database users for the selected time range.

### Set filters

> Use the filters at the top of the page to narrow down the data:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the filters at the top of the page to narrow down the data.
```

> - **Time range**: Select a preset interval or a custom range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Time range**: select a preset interval or a custom range.
```

    Preset options: **Last 15 min**, **30 min**, **1 hour**, **2 hours**, **6 hours**, **12 hours**, and **1 day**.

    For custom time ranges:
    
    - The earliest available start date depends on your data retention: **30 days ago** for {{{ .premium }}} instances, and **7 days ago** for {{{ .essential }}} instances.
    - The maximum window for a single query is **24 hours**.

> - **Top N**: Select how many SQL statements to display.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Top N**: select how many SQL statements to display.
```

    - {{{ .premium }}}: **10** by default. Options: **5**, **20**, and **100**.

>     - {{{ .essential }}}: **10** by default. Options: **5** and **20**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - {{{ .premium }}} instance: **10** by default. Options: **5**, **20**, and **100**.
    - {{{ .essential }}} instance: **10** by default. Options: **5** and **20**.
```

>     - {{{ .essential }}}: **10** by default. Options: **5**, and **20**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - {{{ .essential }}}: **10** by default. Options: **5** and **20**.
```

### Read the SQL list

The **Top N SQL list** shows the highest RU-consuming SQL statements for the selected filters:

| Column | Description |
|---|---|
| SQL Statement | Normalized SQL template |
| Total RU | Total RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range |

> | Mean RU | Mean RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range, total ru/excecutions |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Mean RU | Mean RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range. This value equals total RU divided by executions. |
```

> | Share | Percentage of total instance RU consumed by this SQL statement. The top N SQL statements might not add up to 100%. Include the **Others** row to account for the remaining RU consumption and reach 100%.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Share | Percentage of total RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance. The top N SQL statements might not add up to 100%. Include the **Others** row to account for the remaining RU consumption and reach 100%. |
```

| Executions | Number of times this SQL statement was executed in the selected time range |

> | Plans | Number of plans this SQL statement was executed in the selected time range |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Plans | Number of execution plans for this SQL statement in the selected time range. |
```

> | Total latency | Total execution time cost by this SQL statement in the selected time range |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Total latency | Total execution time consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range |
```

> | Mean latency | Mean execution time cost by this SQL in the selected time range, total latency/excecutions |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Total RU | Total RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range |
| Mean RU | Mean RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range, total ru/excecutions |
| Share | Percentage of total instance RU consumed by this SQL statement. The top N SQL statements might not add up to 100%. Include the **Others** row to account for the remaining RU consumption and reach 100%.|
| Executions | Number of times this SQL statement was executed in the selected time range |
| Plans | Number of plans this SQL statement was executed in the selected time range |
| Total latency | Total execution time cost by this SQL statement in the selected time range |
| Mean latency | Mean execution time cost by this SQL statement in the selected time range, total latency/excecutions |
```

> | Mean latency | Mean execution time cost by this SQL statement in the selected time range, total latency/excecutions |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Mean latency | Mean execution time consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range. This value equals total latency divided by executions. |
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Top RU ranks SQL statements by their **cumulative RU consumption**, including queries that are still executing. This lets you catch ongoing expensive queries before they complete. But for queries that are still executing, the plan is not available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Top RU ranks SQL statements by their **cumulative RU consumption**, including queries that are still executing. This lets you detect expensive queries before they complete. For queries that are still executing, the execution plan is not available.
```

### View the RU trend

> Hover over any SQL statement in the list to highlight its **RU trend line** in the trend chart. The chart shows RU consumption over the selected time range at minute-level intervals, helping you identify when a spike started and whether it is still ongoing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hover over a SQL statement in the list to highlight its **RU trend line** in the trend chart. The chart shows RU consumption over the selected time range at one-minute intervals, helping you identify when a spike started and whether the spike is still ongoing.
```

## Identify RU consumption by user

### Rank by Users panel

> The **Overview** tab includes a **Top 3 DB Users (RU)** panel that shows a ranked list of database users by their total RU consumption for the selected time range. Use this panel to quickly determine whether the RU spike is driven by a specific database user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Overview** tab includes a **Top 3 DB Users (RU)** panel that shows a ranked list of database users by their total RU consumption for the selected time range. Use this panel to determine whether a specific database user drives the RU spike.
```

### Sliced by Users tab

To drill into a specific database user's SQL statements:

1. Click the **Sliced by Users** tab.
2. In the **User** filter, select the user you want to investigate. The filter displays up to 100 users and groups any additional users as **Other users**.

> 3. The **Top N SQL list** and trend chart now reflect only the selected user's queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. The **Top N SQL list** and trend chart show only the selected user's queries.
```

## Drill down into a SQL statement

> Click any SQL statement in the **Top N SQL list** to open its detail panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click a SQL statement in the **Top N SQL list** to open its detail panel.
```

### Execution summary

| Section | Content |
|---|---|
| SQL Digest | Normalized SQL template ID |
| Total RU | Total RU consumed by this SQL in the selected time range |

> | Mean RU | Mean RU consumed by this SQL in the selected time range, total ru/excecutions |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Mean RU | Mean RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range. This value equals total RU divided by executions. |
```

> | Share | Percentage of total instance RU consumed by this SQL |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Share | Percentage of total RU consumed by this SQL statement in the selected {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance. |
```

| Executions | Number of times this SQL was executed in the selected time range |
| Plans | Number of plans this SQL was executed in the selected time range |
| Total latency | Total execution time cost by this SQL in the selected time range |

> | Mean latency | Mean execution time cost by this SQL in the selected time range, total latency/excecutions |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Executions | Number of times this SQL statement was executed in the selected time range. |
| Plans | Number of execution plans for this SQL statement in the selected time range. |
| Total latency | Total execution time consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range. |
| Mean latency | Mean execution time consumed by this SQL statement in the selected time range. This value equals total latency divided by executions. |
```

### Execution plans

> The information displayed depends on how many execution plans the SQL has and whether plan data is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Top RU displays information based on how many execution plans the SQL statement has and whether plan data is available.
```

#### Plans not available

> When plan data is not available, the following are not shown: Plan digest, SQL RU Trend by Plan, and Execution Plan. The other fields remain visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When plan data is not available, Top RU does not show **Plan digest**, **SQL RU Trend by Plan**, or **Execution Plan**. The other fields remain visible.
```

#### Multiple plans

When the SQL has multiple execution plans, the panel displays a plan list first:

- Click an **available plan** to expand its full details (same as the single available plan case).

> - Clicking an **unavailable plan** does not expand further.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click an available plan to expand its full details.
- Click an unavailable plan to view its summary. Unavailable plans do not expand.
```

## Typical workflow

> The following is a typical workflow for investigating an RU spike:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following workflow to investigate an RU spike:
```

> 1. Notice an RU spike in your instance metrics or a triggered alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Notice an RU spike in your {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance metrics or a triggered alert.
```

2. Go to **Monitoring** > **Top RU**, click the **Overview** tab, and select a time range covering the spike.

> 3. Identify the SQL statements with the highest Total RU. Hover over each to see its RU trend and identify when the spike started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Identify the SQL statements with the highest **Total RU**. Hover over each SQL statement to see its RU trend and identify when the spike started.
```

4. Check the **Rank by Users** panel to see whether a specific user is driving the spike.
5. If needed, go to the **Sliced by Users** tab, select the user, and focus on their top RU-consuming SQL statements.
6. Click a SQL statement to open its detail panel. Review the execution plan to find optimization opportunities such as missing indexes.
7. Use the **Query Template ID** to cross-reference Slow Query/SQL Statement for additional execution context.

> 8. Apply optimizations: add indexes, rewrite the SQL, or adjust business logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Use the **Query Template ID** to cross-reference Slow Query or SQL Statement for additional execution context.
8. Apply optimizations, such as adding indexes, rewriting the SQL, or adjusting business logic.
```

9. Return to the **Top RU** page and select a recent time range to confirm that RU consumption has decreased.

## Limitations

- **Not equivalent to billing RU**: Top RU data is intended for near-real-time observability and might differ from the RU usage reported on your TiDB Cloud invoice. Do not use Top RU data for billing reconciliation or auditing.
- **Top N aggregation**: Only the highest RU-consuming SQL statements are displayed individually. SQL statements with lower RU consumption are aggregated into the **Others** category.
- **Data freshness**: Data is updated at minute-level granularity.
- **Maximum query window**: You can query up to 24 hours of data at a time.

## FAQ

### What is the difference between Top RU and Top SQL?

> [Top SQL](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md#monitor-top-sql) ranks SQL statements by CPU time on a specific TiDB or TiKV node. It applies to TiDB Cloud Dedicated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Top SQL](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md#monitor-top-sql) ranks SQL statements by CPU time on a specific TiDB or TiKV node. It applies to TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters.
```

> Top RU ranks SQL statements by Request Unit (RU) consumption at the instance level, and supports user-level breakdown. It applies to {{{ .premium }}} and {{{ .essential }}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Top RU ranks SQL statements by Request Unit (RU) consumption at the instance level and supports user-level breakdown. It applies to {{{ .premium }}} instances and {{{ .essential }}} instances.
```

### Why is there no data in Top RU?

- Make sure the selected time range contains actual SQL workload.

> - Refresh the page after running workload for at least 1 min.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Refresh the page after running a workload for at least 1 minute.
```

> - Check [TiDB Cloud Release Notes](/tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md) to confirm that Top RU is available for your instance version and region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Check [TiDB Cloud Release Notes](/tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md) to confirm that Top RU is available for your {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance version and region.
```

[Top SQL](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md#monitor-top-sql) ranks SQL statements by CPU time on a specific TiDB or TiKV node. It applies to TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters.

Top RU ranks SQL statements by Request Unit (RU) consumption at the instance level and supports user-level breakdown. It applies to {{{ .premium }}} instances and {{{ .essential }}} instances.

### Why is there no data in Top RU?

- Make sure the selected time range contains actual SQL workload.
- Refresh the page after running a workload for at least 1 minute.
- Check [TiDB Cloud Release Notes](/tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md) to confirm that Top RU is available for your {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance version and region.

If the issue persists, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).

### Is Top RU the same as billing RU?

No. Top RU shows near-real-time RU statistics for diagnosing high-consumption SQL. For billing and cost management, refer to the billing RU in your TiDB Cloud billing console.

### What is the difference between the RU usage in metrics and Top RU?

- The RU/s metric shows the 1-minute average RU rate (RU/s) at overall instance level.

> - Top RU shows cumulative RU per SQL statement (RU/s × duration) over the selected time range — which statements consumed the most RU in total.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Top RU shows cumulative RU per SQL statement (RU/s × duration) over the selected time range, helping you identify which SQL statements consum the most resources in total.
```
